# Track

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Unique identifier for the Track | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | The type of track | [optional] 
**Duration** | **float64** | The duration in seconds of the track media. This parameter is not set for &#x60;text&#x60; type tracks. This field is optional and may not be set. The top level &#x60;duration&#x60; field of an asset will always be set. | [optional] 
**MaxWidth** | **int64** | The maximum width in pixels available for the track. Only set for the &#x60;video&#x60; type track. | [optional] 
**MaxHeight** | **int64** | The maximum height in pixels available for the track. Only set for the &#x60;video&#x60; type track. | [optional] 
**MaxFrameRate** | **float64** | The maximum frame rate available for the track. Only set for the &#x60;video&#x60; type track. This field may return &#x60;-1&#x60; if the frame rate of the input cannot be reliably determined. | [optional] 
**MaxChannels** | **int64** | The maximum number of audio channels the track supports. Only set for the &#x60;audio&#x60; type track. | [optional] 
**MaxChannelLayout** | **string** | Only set for the &#x60;audio&#x60; type track. | [optional] 
**TextType** | **string** | This parameter is only set for &#x60;text&#x60; type tracks. | [optional] 
**TextSource** | **string** | The source of the text contained in a Track of type &#x60;text&#x60;. Valid &#x60;text_source&#x60; values are listed below. * &#x60;uploaded&#x60;: Tracks uploaded to Mux as caption or subtitle files using the Create Asset Track API. * &#x60;embedded&#x60;: Tracks extracted from an embedded stream of CEA-608 closed captions. * &#x60;generated_vod&#x60;: Tracks generated by automatic speech recognition on an on-demand asset. * &#x60;generated_live&#x60;: Tracks generated by automatic speech recognition on a live stream configured with &#x60;generated_subtitles&#x60;. If an Asset has both &#x60;generated_live&#x60; and &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60; tracks that are &#x60;ready&#x60;, then only the &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60; track will be included during playback. * &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60;: Tracks generated by automatic speech recognition on a live stream using &#x60;generated_subtitles&#x60;. The accuracy, timing, and formatting of these subtitles is improved compared to the corresponding &#x60;generated_live&#x60; tracks. However, &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60; tracks will not be available in &#x60;ready&#x60; status until the live stream ends. If an Asset has both &#x60;generated_live&#x60; and &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60; tracks that are &#x60;ready&#x60;, then only the &#x60;generated_live_final&#x60; track will be included during playback.  | [optional] 
**LanguageCode** | **string** | The language code value represents [BCP 47](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47) specification compliant value. For example, &#x60;en&#x60; for English or &#x60;en-US&#x60; for the US version of English. This parameter is only set for &#x60;text&#x60; and &#x60;audio&#x60; track types. | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the track containing a human-readable description. The HLS manifest will associate a subtitle &#x60;text&#x60; or &#x60;audio&#x60; track with this value. For example, the value should be \&quot;English\&quot; for a subtitle text track for the &#x60;language_code&#x60; value of &#x60;en-US&#x60;. This parameter is only set for &#x60;text&#x60; and &#x60;audio&#x60; track types. | [optional] 
**ClosedCaptions** | **bool** | Indicates the track provides Subtitles for the Deaf or Hard-of-hearing (SDH). This parameter is only set tracks where &#x60;type&#x60; is &#x60;text&#x60; and &#x60;text_type&#x60; is &#x60;subtitles&#x60;. | [optional] 
**Passthrough** | **string** | Arbitrary user-supplied metadata set for the track either when creating the asset or track. This parameter is only set for &#x60;text&#x60; type tracks. Max 255 characters. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | The status of the track. This parameter is only set for &#x60;text&#x60; type tracks. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


